User manual
--
--
Program function:
  This program is designed to characterize the site similairty under the site-specific scenario. This 
program has four highlights:
  (1) The similarity degree is a monotonic and absolute indicator with the range of [0, 1].
  (2) The site similarity characterization is based on the geo-material parametric data, and hence,
the site similarity can be characterized in three views, namely the mean vector, standard deviation 
vector, and the correlation coefficient matrix. Aa a result, the site similarity can be characterized
in more detail.
  (3) The uncertainty of site similarity characterization results from the field investigation data 
can be considered.
  (4) The vertical spatial correlation of geo-material parameter along the borehole can be considered.
--
--
1. Installation
There are two stratgies to install the package.
(1) In order to install the package, put the files to a folder of your choice and add this package
folder to the MATLAB path.
(2) For simplicity, users can also directly put the files to a new folder within the "bin" folder under 
the installation path of MATLAB. For instance, in the example case, the package folder is 
"D:\Program Files\MATLAB\R2022b\bin\CodeTest"
--
2. Data preparation
(1) Prepare the parameter data of Johnson distribution system for all involved geo-material parameters. 
Put this set of parameter data into the file named as "johnson_params_complete.txt". In the example case, 
the parameter data of Johnson distribution system is from Ching and Phoon (2014).
(2) Prepare the target site data and put it into the file named as "target_site_data.txt". Note: the 1st
column contains the depth data, and the rest columns contain the geo-material parametric data in the target
site. 
(3) Prepare the comparative sites data and put it into the file named as "selected_cp_sites_data.txt". Note:
the 1st row contains the site ID information, the 2nd row contains the depth data for each comparative
site, and the rest rows contains the geo-material parametric data. One important thing is that the row sequent
of geo-material parameters should be same with it in the file named as "target_site_data.txt".
(4) Prepare the SOF (scale of fluctuation) values of comparative sites and put them into the file named as 
"selected_cp_sites_sof.txt". In this file, the 1st row contains the site ID information, and the 2nd row
contains the SOF value of each comparative site.
--
3. Running the program
As the package has been installed well, the users can open the master file named as 
"SiteKnowledgeSimilarityAdvanced_master.m". Then, some arguments should be modified according to the specific
case. 
(1) Modify the argument "jmtype". The argument "jmtype" contains the Johnson distribution member information 
of each geo-material parameter. In the example case, the Johnson distribution member information is from 
Ching and Phoon (2014).
(2) Modify the argument "sofv_A". The argument "sofv_A" storages the vertical SOF value of the target site. In 
the example case, the target site is Onsoy site in Norway, and the final vertical SOF value estimated by LI data
is 1.809 m. Of course, as the target site data is the site-specific data and hence may contain the statistical 
uncertainty to some extent. The SOF can be updated by statistical uncertainty characterization, and 1.809 m is the 
updated results by statistical uncertainty characterization. For the statistical uncertainty characterization of 
borehole data, it has been introduced in a other package.
(3) Modify the argument "filesavepath". The argument "filesavepath" storages the saving path of calculation results.
In the example case, the saving path is "D:\CodeTest\site_similarity_analysis". As a result, all calculation results 
are saved in the folder named as "site_similarity_analysis".
(4) Press the running button in MATLAB platform.
--
4. Read the results
There are 3 kinds of files including "smv-siteID.txt", "smv-siteID-statistics.txt", and "smv-statistics-all.txt".
(1) For "smv-siteID.txt", it contains the similarity degree values of mean vector, standard deviation vector, and 
correlation coefficient matrix obtained by the multiple random sampling between the target site and the site with 
specific ID. In the example case, the number of random sampling is 10000. Hence, the file named as "smv-siteID.txt" 
contains a dataset with 3 columns and 10000 rows, where 1st column contains the similarity degree values of mean 
vector, 2nd contains the similarity degree values of standard deviation vectors, and the 3rd contains the similarity 
degree values of correlation coefficient matrices. 
(2) For "smv-siteID-statistics.txt", it contains the statistics of similarity degree results in the file named as 
"smv-siteID.txt", including the mean and median.
(3) For "smv-statistics-all.txt", it contains the statistics of similarity degree results for all comparative sites
presented in the file named as "selected_cp_sites_data.txt".
--
--
Acknowledgements:
The developers would like to thank the members of the TC304 Committee on Engineering Practice of Risk Assessment & Management
of the International Society of Soil Mechanics and Geotechnical Engineering for developing the 304dB database (http://140.112.12.21/issmge/tc304.htm?=1) used in this study and making it available for scientific inquiry.
--
--
References
[1] Ching, J.Y., Phoon, K.K., 2014. Correlations among some clay parameters - the multivariate distribution. Canadian 
Geotechnical Journal 51, 686-704.









